[//]: # (This file is autogenerated)
# Scripts

Scripts are located in the 'home/scripts' folder. Home-manager add those in the user's path.

## Brightness

This module provides a set of scripts to control the brightness of the screen.

- `brightness-up` increases the brightness by 5%.
- `brightness-down` decreases the brightness by 5%.
- `brightness-set [value]` sets the brightness to the given value.
- `brightness-change [up|down] [value]` increases or decreases the brightness by the given value.

## Caffeine

Caffeine is a simple script that toggles hypridle (disable suspend & screenlock).

- `caffeine-status` - Check if hypridle is running. (0/1)
- `caffeine-status-icon` - Check if hypridle is running. (icon)
- `caffeine` - Toggle hypridle.

## Hyprfocus

A simple script to toggle focus on few windows in Hyprland.
(disable gaps, border, shadow, opacity, etc.)

- `hyprfocus-on` - Enable hyprfocus.
- `hyprfocus-off` - Disable hyprfocus.
- `hyprfocus-toggle` - Toggle hyprfocus.

## Hyprpanel

Quick scripts to toggle, reload, hide & show hyprpanel.

- `hyprpanel-toggle` - Toggle hyprpanel (hide/show).
- `hyprpanel-show` - Show hyprpanel.
- `hyprpanel-hide` - Hide hyprpanel.
- `hyprpanel-reload` - Reload hyprpanel.

## Nerdfont FZF

This module provides a script to search for Nerd Fonts icons using fzf.

- `nerdfont-fzf` - Search for Nerd Fonts icons using fzf.

## Night-Shift

Night-Shift is a feature that reduces the amount of blue light emitted by your screen, which can help reduce eye strain and improve sleep quality. This module provides a set of scripts to control Night-Shift on your system.
It use hyprsunset to control the screen temperature.

- `night-shift-on` activates Night-Shift.
- `night-shift-off` deactivates Night-Shift.
- `night-shift` toggles Night-Shift.
- `night-shift-status` checks if Night-Shift is active. (0/1)
- `night-shift-status-icon` checks if Night-Shift is active. (icon)

## Nixy

Nixy is a simple script that I use to manage my NixOS system. It's a simple script that provides a menu to rebuild, test, update, collect garbage, clean boot menu, etc.

- `nixy` - UI wizard to manage the system.
- `nixy rebuild` - Rebuild the system.
- `nixy ...` - ... see the script for more commands.

## Notif


- `notif {id} {title} {description}` - Sends a notification

## Screenshot

This module provides a script to take screenshots using `grimblast` and `swappy`.

- `screenshot [region|window|monitor] [swappy]` - Take a screenshot of the region, window, or monitor. Optionally, use `swappy` to copy the screenshot to the clipboard.

## Sound

This module provides a set of scripts to control the volume of the default audio sink using `wpctl`.

- `sound-up` increases the volume by 5%.
- `sound-down` decreases the volume by 5%.
- `sound-set [value]` sets the volume to the given value.
- `sound-toggle` toggles the mute state of the default audio sink.

## System

Usefull quick scripts

- `menu` - Open wofi with drun mode. (wofi)
- `powermenu` - Open power dropdown menu. (wofi)
- `quickmenu` - Open a dropdown menu with shortcuts and scripts. (wofi)
- `lock` - Lock the screen. (hyprlock)

